<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
   <title></title>
</head>

<body>
   <h3>间奏：Five Times Bruce and Clark Had Less-Than-Earth-Shattering Sex<br/></h3>

   <p>Summary:  Sometimes sex just isn't terribly spectacular.</p>

   <p>总结: 有时候性爱并不是特别惊天动地。</p>

   <p>1.</p>

   <p>"What went wrong there?"  Bruce's voice was brisk and annoyed.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“出什么问题了? ”布鲁斯的声音尖锐而恼怒。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Clark frowned.  "You tell me."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>克拉克皱起了眉头，“你告诉我。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Well, for a guy who woke his lover up in the middle of the freaking night to have sex, you didn't seem very enthusiastic."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“嗯，对于一个半夜把情人叫醒来做爱的家伙来说，你看起来不是很热情。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"What?  You're the one who woke me up to have sex!  You can't blame me for not being properly enthusiastic when you're the one groping me in the middle of the night."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“什么？ 是你叫醒我做爱的！ 你不能因为我没有充分的热情而责怪我，因为是你在半夜里抚摸我。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Bruce glared at Clark from his pillow.  "Oh no you don't.  I'm the one who woke up at three a.m. with your hand on my crotch.  You can't exactly expect raging lust under those circumstances."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>布鲁斯从枕头上瞪着克拉克。 “哦，不，你不会的。 我是那个凌晨三点醒来，你的手放在我的胯部的人。 在这种情况下，你不可能完全满足于强烈的欲望。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"But...I only had sex with you because you wanted..."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“但是... ... 我和你上床只是因为你想... ... ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"No, I only had sex with you because you wanted..."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“不，我和你上床只是因为你想... ... ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p> They trailed off and looked at each other for a while.  Finally, reluctantly, Bruce started to laugh.  "You mean neither of us wanted to have sex, but we thought--"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>他们慢吞吞地走开，互相看了一会儿。 最后，布鲁斯不情愿地笑了起来。 “你的意思是我们都不想做爱，但是我们认为——”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"--we thought the other one did."  Clark flopped down onto the pillow next to Bruce with an exasperated snicker.  "It's kind of like 'The Gift of the Magi'."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>” -- 我们以为另一个做了. ” 克拉克一屁股坐在布鲁斯旁边的枕头上，带着恼怒的窃笑。 “这有点像‘麦琪的礼物’。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Yeah, if O. Henry wrote it with a lot less watch fobs and a lot more mechanical obligation sex."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“是啊，如果欧 · 亨利写这本书的时候少了很多手表背心，多了很多机械的义务性爱。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>2.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>图2。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Clark was sprawled out across the bed, taking up too much of it as usual, looking sated and pleased.  He pulled the blankets up and to his chin and started to tug Bruce down next to him.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>克拉克摊开四肢躺在床上，像往常一样吸了太多，看上去心满意足，高兴不已。 他把毯子拉到下巴处，开始拉布鲁斯下来。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Clark?"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“克拉克? ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Mmmmph?"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“嗯? ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"I will point out that although you have gotten your Kryptonian rocks off, there's still one very horny and unsatisfied person in this bed."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“我要指出的是，虽然你已经把你的氪星石卸下来了，但这张床上还是有一个非常饥渴和不满意的人。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Mmm."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“嗯。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Clark?"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“克拉克? ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Mmph?"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“嗯? ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"It's not you, Clark."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“不是你的问题，克拉克。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Clark pulled sleepy blue eyes open.  "Oh!  Bruce, I'm so sorry."  The eyes started to drift shut again.  "Lemme just...rest my eyes for a moment...and then I'll fix that."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>克拉克睁开睡眼惺忪的蓝眼睛。 “哦！ 布鲁斯，我很抱歉。” 眼睛又开始随波逐流地闭上了。 “让我... ... 让我的眼睛休息一会儿... ... 然后我会修好的。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Bruce yanked at immovable blankets.  "Don't you dare!  I know how this goes.  You say that and then you fall asleep and I'm left like this."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>布鲁斯猛拉不动的毯子。 “你敢！ 我知道这是怎么回事。 你说完就睡着了，我就这样离开了。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>A yawn.  "No, no.  I won't fall asleep, I promise."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>打了个哈欠。“不，不，我不会睡着的，我保证。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"You'll fall asleep in mid-sentence."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“说到一半你就会睡着。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Clark's voice was hurt.  "Have I ever done that to you before?"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>克拉克的声音受到了伤害，“我以前对你做过这种事吗? ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Yes."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“是的。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"I promise I won't this time, because..." </p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“我保证这次不会了，因为... ... ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>There was a long pause in which Clark might have been collecting his thoughts to make a more cogent argument.  Eventually Bruce, nerves still jangling, snapped, "Because what?"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>克拉克沉默了很长一段时间，也许是在整理思绪，以便提出一个更有说服力的论点。 最后，神经依然紧张的布鲁斯厉声说道: “为什么? ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Silence.  It eventually became clear Clark was starting to snore.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>沉默。最终，克拉克开始打鼾了。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Oh, for Christ's sake."  Bruce managed to extract a blanket and wrapped himself up in it with as much dignity as he could manage.  "Not that you'll notice, but I'll be in the bathroom, taking matters into my own hands."  He padded off down the hall.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“哦，看在上帝的份上。” 布鲁斯设法取出一条毯子，尽可能高贵地把自己裹在里面。 “你不会注意到的，但是我会在浴室里，自己解决问题。” 他轻轻地沿着大厅走去。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Clark muttered something happy in his sleep and curled up around a pillow.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>克拉克在睡梦中咕哝着什么开心的话，蜷缩在一个枕头旁。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>3.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>图3。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Clark, I can't believe Perry put you up in this flea-bitten hotel to cover the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade."  Bruce looked around the tiny, dingy hotel room.  "You should have let me pay to put you somewhere nicer."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“克拉克，真不敢相信佩里把你安排在这个满是跳蚤的酒店来报道梅西感恩节游行。” 布鲁斯环顾了一下那间又小又暗的旅馆房间。 “你应该让我付钱，把你安置在更好的地方。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Nuh uh uh," admonished Clark, shaking a finger at Bruce.  "No depending on the rich boyfriend to get me out of these assignments."  He dropped a suitcase onto one sagging twin bed.  "Thanks for coming by, though."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“不，不，不，”克拉克告诫道，对布鲁斯摇了摇手指。 “不能指望有钱的男朋友帮我摆脱这些任务。” 他把一个手提箱扔在一张下陷的双人床上。 “不过，还是谢谢你过来。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Bruce gave him a leer.  "I can think of some ways you can show your gratitude."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>布鲁斯对他抛了个媚眼。 “我能想到一些表达感激之情的方式。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>They were sweaty and naked and just beginning a sequence of frenzied motion when they both abruptly became aware of a rhythmic squeaking sound beneath them:  rrk rrk rrk rrk.  Each tried their best to ignore the squeaking springs, but eventually the silly noise (rrk rrk rrk rrk) undermined all their attempts to be passionate.  Clark broke down in snickers first, and started tickling Bruce when Bruce glared at him.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>他们汗流浃背，赤身裸体，刚刚开始一连串疯狂的动作，就突然意识到脚下传来有节奏的吱吱声。 每个人都尽力不去理会那吱吱作响的弹簧声，但最终，那些愚蠢的噪音破坏了他们所有表现热情的努力。 克拉克先是笑破了肚皮，当布鲁斯瞪着他的时候，他开始搔布鲁斯的痒。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Aw, come on, Clark," groaned Bruce.  "It's been three weeks, don't let a squeaky bed get you out of the mood."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“噢，别这样，克拉克，”布鲁斯呻吟道。 “已经三个星期了，别让吱吱作响的床破坏了你的情绪。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"I can't help it, it just makes everything ridiculous," gasped Clark.  "Okay, hold on, I'll hover and you can...um..." He floated in the air and did some deft arranging with his hands.  "There, like that."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>克拉克喘着气说: “我忍不住，这让一切都变得荒谬可笑。”。 “好的，等一下，我来盘旋，你可以... ... 嗯... ... ”他漂浮在空中，用双手做了一些巧妙的安排。 “好了，就这样。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>It took a little while, but eventually Bruce found his rhythm again, despite the surrealness of having sex hovering a foot above a probably bug-ridden, broken-in bed.  As he rocked back and forth, though, he suddenly heard a soft noise begin beneath him.  Rrk rrk rrk rrk.  </p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>过了一段时间，布鲁斯终于找到了自己的节奏，尽管在一张可能满是虫子、破烂不堪的床上空一英尺高的地方做爱是超现实的。 不过，当他前后摇晃时，突然听到脚下传来一阵轻微的响声。 嗯，嗯，嗯。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Bruce glared daggers at the man under him, whose shoulders were quivering slightly.  "Clark Kent.  Stop creaking."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>布鲁斯用匕首狠狠地瞪了他下面那个肩膀微微颤抖的人一眼。 “克拉克 · 肯特。 别吱吱作响了。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"I can't help it," Clark choked, breaking down entirely into giggles, "It's just--"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“我情不自禁，”克拉克哽咽着，完全崩溃成咯咯的笑声，“只是——”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Bruce rolled off of Clark and onto the bed with a thump.  "Bruce Wayne and his Incredible Creaking Kryptonian.  A hit at parties," he intoned sonorously.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>布鲁斯砰的一声从克拉克身上滚了下来，上了床。 布鲁斯 · 韦恩和他那嘎吱作响的氪星人。 “在聚会上很受欢迎，”他声音洪亮地吟诵道。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Clark</p>

   <p>landed on top of him.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>克拉克压在他身上。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>T</p>

   <p>he bed gave an agonized squeal.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>床发出痛苦的尖叫声。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>After that, they couldn't seem to stop laughing.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>在那之后，他们似乎忍不住大笑起来。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>4.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>图4。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Clark's hands were tangled tightly in Bruce's hair, tugging, making sure Bruce's mouth remained in the proper, delightful place.  "Ah, God, yes, damn it, yes," he moaned.  "Been waiting all day for this, you bastard, you cock tease, ah..."  His back arched and tensed.  "So close, so close, so close, yes, yes, yes...no!  Don't you dare stop, don't stop now, you..." Clark was reduced to helpless choking noises as his lover paused to nibble his thighs for a while.  Bruce went back to where he had been before with renewed vigor, but something was off now.  </p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>克拉克的手紧紧地缠在布鲁斯的头发上，使布鲁斯的嘴巴保持在合适的、令人愉快的位置。 “啊，上帝，是的，该死的，是的，”他呻吟道。 “等这个等了一整天了，你这个混蛋，你这个挑逗公鸡的家伙，啊... ... ”他的背弓起来，绷紧了。 “如此接近，如此接近，如此接近，是的，是的，是的... ... 不！ 你敢停下来，现在别停下来，你... ... ”克拉克的情人停下来咬了他的大腿一会儿，他只能发出无助的哽咽的声音。 布鲁斯重新精力充沛地回到原来的地方，但是现在有些不对劲。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>After a while, Bruce stopped.  He looked deflated.  So did Clark.  Which was the problem.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>过了一会儿，布鲁斯停了下来。 他看起来有些泄气。 克拉克也是。 这就是问题所在。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Well, Jesus," Clark explained at Bruce's questioning look, "You rile me up all day talking about this, get me crazy hot and over-stimulated, and then stop to tease me at the worst possible instant...just give me a moment, I have to calm down a bit."  Clark took a few deep breaths while Bruce looked concerned.  "It's not you, geez, don't get paranoid.  It's just I'm too wound up.  I'll be fine in a couple of minutes, just--"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“好吧，上帝，”克拉克在布鲁斯疑惑的眼神中解释道，“你整天都在谈论这个话题，激怒了我，让我热得发疯，过度兴奋，然后在最糟糕的时刻停下来取笑我... ... 只要给我一点时间，我必须冷静下来。” 克拉克做了几次深呼吸，布鲁斯看起来很担心。 “这不是你的问题，天哪，别这么多疑。 只是我太紧张了。 再过几分钟我就没事了，只要——”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>The light of the Batsignal suddenly glowed into the bedroom, outlining Clark's chagrined face in golden light.  Bruce sighed and started to pull on a robe.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>蝙蝠信号灯的光线突然射进卧室，在金色的光线中勾勒出克拉克懊恼的脸。 布鲁斯叹了口气，开始穿上睡袍。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Bruce, couldn't we just leave the drapes closed now and then?"  Bruce stopped long enough to drop a kiss on Clark's forehead. </p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“布鲁斯，我们就不能时不时把窗帘拉上吗? ” 布鲁斯停下来，在克拉克的额头上留下了一个吻。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"No, I suppose not," said Clark to the empty room.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“没有，我想没有，”克拉克对空房间说。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>5.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>The room was dark and Bruce was wrapped in Clark's arms.  They had both been tired after a night of patrolling, but still had had sex before falling asleep.  It hadn't been anything special, nothing life-changing or traumatic or even particularly good.   Certainly nothing worth writing a story about.  Just the usual average kind of sex people have with their partners, the mundane, pleasant act that helps keep people whole and sane and together.</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>房间里一片漆黑，布鲁斯被克拉克紧紧地抱在怀里。 巡逻了一夜之后，他们都累了，但还是在睡觉前做了爱。 没有什么特别的，没有什么改变生活的事，没有什么创伤，甚至没有什么特别的好事。 当然没有什么值得写的故事。 只是人们与伴侣之间平常的性行为，世俗的、令人愉快的行为，帮助人们保持完整、理智和在一起。</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Drifting in the darkness, catching a moment of rest before getting up and doing it all again, the work and the charade and the routine, Bruce heard Clark's voice.  "Thank you."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>布鲁斯在黑暗中漂流，在起床重新做这一切之前休息片刻，工作，猜谜和例行公事，布鲁斯听到了克拉克的声音。 “谢谢。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Bruce pulled Clark's hands tighter around his chest.  "For what?"</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>布鲁斯把克拉克的手紧紧地搂在胸前。“为了什么? ”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>"Oh, nothing."  A pause.  "Everything."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>“哦，没什么。”停顿了一下。“一切。”</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>Bruce nodded, feeling his hair brushing against Clark's cheek.  "You too."</p>

   <p><br/></p>

   <p>布鲁斯点点头，感觉他的头发拂过克拉克的脸颊，“你也是。”</p>
</body>
</html>